DONE: import Chernarus+ map and see if I can get the basics running
--Turns out this isn't easy to do.  Grabbed a building replacer script instead that adds Altis structures... Not sure if I like it yet, will have to see.
May want to get X-Cam up and running instead as well, see if I like that.  Not sure if there are enterable assets I can replace with.--
DONE: Evaluate other maps as possible better starting points -- nothing is quite right

DONE: Evaluate ACE and Advanced Movement to see how they feel --Keep Movement for now, leave out ACE, not sure what it would add at this point other than more script confusion while I'm building

DONE: Evaluate either X-Cam to update map for enterable building or do selective destruction of non-entrable buildings to create more of an open env  -- XCam might work for me but it'll be a lot of work.  For now the script alternative makes sense, we can roll from there till more is developed

DONE: Evaluate DAC for AI system -- DAC looks pretty interesting.  Not sure how it plays in a server world exactly but could be a quick route to the zones of control for the teams

Done: cut spawn item lists way down to get a simple feeling  -- Initial pass complete

DONE: Get optics spawning properly - AI seems to have lazer vision

DONE: replace default vehicles with CUP era ones

DONE: Replace spawned soldiers with CUP era ones

DONE: Reset player spawn to have basic clothing and a fanny pack or something small...

DONE: Figure out OpFor and Indie spawning - no uniforms...

DONE: Look through the loot spawner some more - need to see if I can assign items by area as they are now, but also provide a percent chance to spawn to allow finer grained control.  Also need to see if I can control ammo explosions etc. and over population of LMGs etc. -- did some adjustments and compromized things to behave a little better.  Loot overhaul will be a major thing

DONE: Fix grenade spawns for AK Grenade Launchers  --DONE

DONE: Check spawning and balancing, see how things feel vs. AI - overpowered? -- still need to do something about laser vision...

DONE: Change loot box spawn items to have a mix of CUP optics, rockets, attachments, etc.

DONE: Subset Optics to the group that will actually span most NATO guns, lots of oddballs in CUP  Looks like ELCAN M145, Elcan Optic Reflex (nice), Any of the ACOG / Trijicon, and any of the EOTech.  Let's limit to that plus a couple soviet block and we're good.

DONE: Get Stores up and running with appropriate gear and prices

TODO: See if I can get the Chernarus building updates up and running: https://github.com/IanHardy/ChernarusBuildings (Try instead of building replacer)

TODO: Add Bor Military base to the mission map

TODO: Add tents + field hospitals at Bor to building loot spawn table

TODO: Add Novo Kamenka to the map

TODO: Not sure about the Kamena addition, lots of messed up buildings, may need to adjust or eliminate.  Also need to figure out the unique buildings and add to spawn table (Yellow house for example)

TODO: Add Northern airfield to mission map (065012)

TODO: Add Dichina military base to map (south of NWAF)

TODO: Add Novy Lug military base to the map (093038)

TODO: Add little bird to heli spawn tables

TODO: Fix gear and uniform prices

TODO: Get Helicopters set up in Stores

TODO: Get land vehicles set up in stores

TODO: Get supply drops spawning with correct goodies (mags for LMGs, etc)

TODO: Increase spawn radius of Cherno bubble - too small to include some key locations for loot

TODO: Re-Activate ATMs for now

TODO: Try and get DAC up and running at Balota Airfield

TODO: Configure Blufor, Opfor, and Indie

TODO: Build out Blufor zone of control

TODO: Build out Opfor zone of control

TODO: Build out indie zone of control -- idea, INDIE able to navigate either Opfor or Blufor AI zone - only engaged if hostile action is taken in area... might not work, but idea

TODO: Add Blufor AI to zone of control

TODO: Add Opfor AI to zone of control

TODO: Add Indie AI to zone of control